Add Liveintent Rtd provider documentation and add segments to liveintent userID (#28)
LiveIntent/prebid.github.io: dev-docs/modules/userid-submodules/liveintent.md

### Multiple user IDs

> The attributes `uid2`, `medianet`, `magnite`, `bidswitch`, `pubmatic`, `openx`, `sovrn`, `index`, `thetradedesk`, `vidazoo` , `fpid` and `segments` are treated specially by LiveIntent's user ID sub-module. Each of these attributes will result in a separate ID returned by the sub-module. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The attributes `uid2`, `medianet`, `magnite`, `bidswitch`, `pubmatic`, `openx`, `sovrn`, `index`, `thetradedesk`, `vidazoo` , `fpid` and `segments` are treated specially by LiveIntent's user ID sub-module. Each of these attributes will result in a separate ID returned by the sub-module. 
```

This is not true for the `segments` attribute. I remember we talked about it :)

Author: thanks for pointing this out

#### Note

* `thetradedesk` will be exposed as `tdid` because of historical reasons.

> * In order for `segments` to be present in `ortb2.user.data` in your bid request, you need to configure the [liveIntentRTDProvider](/dev-docs/modules/liveIntentRtdProvider.html) module. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In order for `segments` to be present in `ortb2.user.data` of the bid requests, you need to configure the [liveIntentRTDProvider](/dev-docs/modules/liveIntentRtdProvider.html) module. 
```

}
```

> NOTE: `uid2` is exposed as part of `lipb` as well as separately as `uid2`. `medianet`, `magnite`, `bidswitch`, `pubmatic`, `openx`, `sovrn`, `index`, `thetradedesk` (as `tdid`), `vidazoo`, `fpid` and `segments` behave the same way.

Reviewer: `segments` will not be exposed separately.
